The Arc Five Reactor is almost
fully energized.
I will soon reunite the
dimensions back into one!
As if I don't have enough
problems on my hands...
(Yuya growling)
Let me go!
(growling)
You have to let me go!
(Leo)
Yes...
Yes!
The moment is at hand.
By reuniting the dimensions as
one, Zuzu, Celina Lulu, and Rin
will reunite into one,
back into Ray.
And after all this time...
I will have my daughter back!
Faster!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(groans)
(Declan)
Hey, Riley!
C'mon, wake up!
Riley!
(gasps)
We need to move.
We have to go shut down
the reactor immediately.
Wait, Declan.
I think that Ray
just spoke to me.
What's that?
Yeah...
I heard her loud and clear.
Didn't you?
Now, now Riley.
You were just dreaming.
It was more than a dream
(gasps)
Ray says that reactor
or no reactor,
Z‐ARC will destroy the world!
And that's what we're
trying to prevent.
Riley, we don't
have the time for this.
Let's go.
Listen to me!
Please!
We need Ray's help to defeat
Z‐ARC, because she's the only
one who's done it before.
Ray says when, not if,
when Z‐ARC resurrects,
you will need
my help to stop him,
or the world as you know it
is doomed!
And I believe her!
So we shouldn't
shut down the reactor!
Because that's the only way Ray
can come back to help us!
(Declan)
Is Riley actually
communicating with Ray?
Riley always
had a special sense...
but I still find
this hard to believe.
No matter what
you may think,
the one certainty is that
if our father uses the reactor,
the four dimensions
will be no more.
But Declan...
Without Ray to help us...
Z‐ARC will make
all dimensions no more.
(Declan groans)
So then, Riley,
you're fine
if Zuzu is just gone?
(gasping)
If we do not act now,
the reality around us could
be erased from existence,
along with everyone
that we've ever known!
(gasping)
(Riley)
You don't know
that for sure!
But I do know that we need Ray!
We do, Declan!
Because without Ray,
we don't stand a chance.
None of us do.
Z‐ARC will destroy us all!
So if you're going to shut down
the reactor,
then I have to
shut you down!
(Declan)
Riley...
So be it!
If that's what you want!
(electronic voice)
Generating Action Field:
Crossover.
Let's duel!
I'll take the first turn.
And with it I'll use my D/D
Brownie... along with my D/D
Savant Thomas to set
the Pendulum Scale!
I can now summon as many
monsters between levels three
and five as I want!
I Pendulum Summon... and call
upon my two monsters to emerge!
D/D Lilith
and D/D Nighthowl!
And I'll follow that up
by activating the spell
Dark Contract
With Summoning Surplus!
By sending my two monsters
to the graveyard I can summon
a D/D/D Fusion monster,
without having to rely on using
the spell card Polymerization.
I now fuse Lilith and Nighthowl
together to form a monster
that will turn up
the heat and rule this duel!
(roaring)
I Fusion Summon!
D/D/D Flame King Genghis!
(growling)
Next, D/D Brownie's Pendulum
ability activates!
Since I summoned a monster
from my Extra Deck,
D/D Brownie moves
from the Pendulum Zone
on to my field!
(D/D Brownie giggling)
And as a result, Genghis'
special ability activates!
(growling)
When a D/D monster is summoned,
I'm then allowed to summon a D/D
monster from my graveyard!
(D/D Lilith grunts)
Next I'll activate D/D Lilith's
special ability!
I retrieve one D/D Monster
from my graveyard!
Now I tune D/D Brownie
and D/D Lilith!
You're a strong duelist, Riley.
I should know, since I'm the one
who trained you...
And that is why
I can't hold back.
Not with so much at stake!
I Synchro Summon!
D/D/D Gust King Alexander!
But I'm not
through yet, Riley.
I summon D/D Nighthowl!
And Nighthowl's special ability
lets me resurrect Lilith
from my graveyard by lowering
its attack points to 0.
But it won't
be around for long.
You see, my Contract lowers
its Level by 1,
so it makes her Level
‐ the same as Nighthowl's.
And since they have
the same Level,
I'm now going to build
the Overlay Network
with her and Nighthowl.
I've used Pendulum, Fusion,
and Synchro Summoning so far.
And now.
I Xyz Summon!
D/D/D Stone King Darius!
(grunts)
By using one Overlay Unit,
I can destroy this old Contract
to add a new Contract
in my deck to my hand.
And now, I'll play this card
facedown and end my turn.
(Riley)
Declan's giving it his all
against me.
He already summoned some of his
strongest monsters.
This is gonna be tough,
but I know I have a chance.
Especially because I have
the card that he gave me.
Riley...
that stuffed bear of yours
won't help you
win a duel.
But I have something
that just might.
Take this...
you may need it
when things look their darkest.
I always looked up to you,
Declan...
Because I always knew
you would be there for me.
Even in the middle of the night
when I just couldn't sleep.
I just wish
you would trust me
and together we could
help Ray return.
But since you won't help me,
I'll have to help myself!
Stop this, Riley.
This isn't going to end
the way you want it to.
Especially when I activate
the spell
Dark Contract With
the Eternal Darkness!
Since you don't
have this card,
you can no longer
activate any spells
or traps against
my monsters.
And to make your troubles even
worse, you also can't Fusion,
Synchro, Xyz,
or Tribute Summon!
I can't see a thing anymore!
How am I supposed to duel
when I can't see
what I'm dueling?
You're a fine duelist Riley,
just not the best...
(groans)
How can you be?
After all, I taught you
everything you know
about dueling.
But I still have a few tricks
I never showed you...
Until now, that is.
Well, I got some tricks
you don't know about too!
I summon Film Magician!
(Film Magician cackles, grunts)
I play a facedown
and end my turn!
It's your move!
(Declan)
Riley isn't giving up.
How brave...
and pointless.
(screaming)
No!
I can feel Yugo and Yuri nearby.
I can't merge with them...
Declan...
Please hurry!
(groaning)
It's my turn!
I draw!
The effect of my Dark Contract
will now weaken me
by one thousand life points.
And now, D/D/D Stone King Darius
strike down Film Magician!
(roaring)
Film Magician's
special ability activates!
So now Film Magician's attack
points become the exact same
as your monster!
And Film Magician also can't
be destroyed in battle!
But I can't say the same
for your monster!
Come now, Riley....
I knew exactly what you had
planned this entire time.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Darius isn't destroyed
in battle,
but your monster
is destroyed instead.
And you also take 500 points
of damage.
(groaning)
Now that you no longer have
anything to protect you,
Gust King Alexander
can attack you directly.
(frightened gasp)
(Riley screams, grunts)
(Declan)
It's hard to believe that you're
the same child I found
scared and cowering
in the darkness, an empty shell.
My mother filled that shell
and groomed you into a powerful
duelist who can defeat anyone,
but you were still
a shell.
Never dueling for yourself,
never feeling for yourself...
that is until now.
I'm proud that you're standing
up for yourself, I truly am...
but I cannot let you win.
Flame King Genghis,
end this duel!
(battle cry)
(Declan gasps)
I play the Action Spell,
Damage Banish!
I take no damage
from your attack.
I picked it up earlier
when you weren't looking.
Why are you surprised?
You taught me
to never give up!
I... end my turn.
Reading confirmed...
The Reactor
is approaching 60%.
Transferring the subject Zuzu
to begin
unification procedures!
(beeping)
Good...
(Riley)
Declan taught me
to never give up,
and there's no way I'm gonna
start now.
Declan's out to win,
and so am I!
So here goes!
(Riley)
Yes!
This is just the card I need!
But first...
I activate...
my trap Photo Frame!
This card takes a picture of one
of your spell or trap cards
and copies its effects!
So I take a snap
of Dark Contract
with the Eternal Darkness!
(shutter click)
What?
Where did Riley learn that!?
Next up, I activate...
my spell.. Pure Ray!
When we both have the same card,
Pure Ray destroys them both!
And all monsters
lose 100 attack points
for each monster
on the field.
(Declan)
Was someone standing
next to Riley?
I summon C/C Critical Eye!
And now I'm activating the spell
card Montage Fusion!
I use Montage Fusion
to take a photograph
of your Gust King Alexander...
(shutter click)
... and then I fuse this photo
with C/C Critical Eye!
I could give you a hint
of what's coming next...
but I don't want to spoil
the surprise!
I Fusion Summon!
C/C/C Sonic Halberd Of Battle!
(Declan)
I've never seen Riley
play that monster before.
My C/C/C Sonic Halberd Of Battle
can attack twice in one turn!
(Declan)
Since when did Riley learn new
strategies without my knowledge?
And since you control
a Wind Monster,
Sonic Halberd can attack three
times instead of two!
And I don't think you can
survive all these attacks!
Halberd, attack Gust King
Alexander right now!
(groaning)
(Declan)
I can't believe it...
Riley isn't just
standing up to me,
Riley's actually fighting back!
And next, Sonic Halberd slashes
up Flame King Genghis!
(Flame King Genghis groaning)
When Flame King Genghis
is destroyed in battle,
I can retrieve a Dark Contract
from my graveyard.
(Declan)
If I don't keep my guard up,
Riley may actually
win this duel!
And with my third
and final attack,
Sonic Halberd will destroy
Stone King Darius!
And I win this duel!
Now that I've defeated
both Aster and Kite,
it's time for us
to finish what we started.
And you may think that you have
the advantage
since you destroyed
my Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon,
but by simply banishing
a monster I used to summon it...
I can bring it back...
And it's back for revenge!
(roaring)
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
(Yugo)
Since your turn's over
Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon's
attack points
drop back to 3,000.
Now, it's your turn.
So bring it.
Oh, I will!
Here I go!
(Yusho)
Yugo no longer seems
to be controlled by Z‐ARC.
I just hope he can keep it up...
Yuri... my Crystal Wing's gonna
tip this duel back in my favor
by blasting your Greedy Venom
Fusion Dragon into bits!
I enjoy the fact
that you keep trying
but it's all going to be
for naught.
(Yugo)
Well, me and my Dragon
have a different opinion!
(grunting)
Nice.
But I think
you forgot what happens
when Greedy Venom Fusion
Dragon is destroyed.
I'm not that dumb!
Its special ability
automatically
destroys my monster,
and I take damage equal
to its attack points.
(groans)
And I also know you can
resurrect your lame dragon
by banishing Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon
from your graveyard,
so bring it out already!
By all means!
If my pals
taught me anything...
It's this...
Sometimes the only way to move
forward is to purposefully
take one for the team!
So watch this!
I activate the trap
Extra Shave Reborn!
When my Crystal Wing Synchro
Dragon is destroyed,
I can resurrect a lower Level
monster from my graveyard,
because a true teammate
won't leave me hanging!
Welcome back,
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(roaring)
It looks like I wasn't so dumb
after all, now was I?
And next up, I'm going to summon
Speedroid Rubberband Plane!
Speedroid Rubberband Plane's
special ability blasts away 600
of Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon's
attack points!
Since Speedroid Rubberband Plane
used its special ability,
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
automatically destroys it!
You destroyed your own monster?
That's right, because Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon gains the attack
points of the monster
it destroyed.
(roaring)
Now Clear Wing is stronger
than Yuri's Greedy
Venom Fusion Dragon.
Hm.
You're down
to a thousand life points,
so this duel's a done deal!
Here goes!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
take out Greedy Venom
with Crystal Cataclysmic Strike!
(roaring)
(Yuri)
Heh. It's so cute
when you actually think
you're going to win.
Say what?
(Yuri)
My Predaplant Drosophyllum Hydra
swaps a Predaplant
in my graveyard with another
banished monster,
to cut the damage
I take in half!
Close, but not close enough.
And guess what I activate
the trap Extra Shave Reborn!
Wait!
You have the same card I do?
Yes, and I use it to bring back
the vicious and voracious
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
(groans)
I end my turn.
So Clear Wing's attack points
return to normal.
But we're ready
for anything you send our way!
(Yuri)
That's what you think!
I draw! (chuckles)
Greedy Venom, let's do a little
burglarizing, shall we?
Steal Crystal Wing Synchro
Dragon's special abilities
so that you
can use them for yourself!
(maniacal laughter)
I activate...
the Equip Spell Card,
Predapruning!
I can summon one Predaplant
from my graveyard and equip
Predapruning onto it.
And I'll use Predaplant
Drosophyllum Hydra's
special ability to banish
a Predaplant from my graveyard.
Bye, bye!
And you know what else
is going bye‐bye?
Your Dragon's attack points.
It's pretty clear
your Clear Wing's a dud,
unlike my Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
(angered groan)
Because my Dragon
uses the special ability
it stole from Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon
to destroy
my Drosophyllum Hydra!
(laughing)
And then Starving Venom Fusion
Dragon gains Hydra's
800 attack points!
(gasps)
How does it feel to lose against
your own special ability?
Must be bad...
(angered groan)
Go!
Starving Venom,
attack Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
and finish Yugo off!
(screaming)
(both gasping)